[
  {
    "date" : "2017-01-11",
    "title" : "170111_Minutes-Meeting-Skype-Meeting-SC-ich-ngo-forum",
    "text" : "Minutes Meeting Skype Meeting Steering Committee 11 January 2017\n\n1. Association: We discussed next steps for formalization of the association like signing the \ndocuments and opening of bank account.\n\n2.  Election Committee: An email will be sent to members of ICH NGO  forums asking for \ncandidates of the election committee from regions which have not yet nominated along with \nrelevant documents.\n\n3. Website and newsletter : Newsletters and all documents and reports from 11.COM  to be \npublished in the ICH NGO Forum website by end January/early February.\non website and make up and send newsletter\n\n4. Capacity Building:\n·          ICHCAP will revert on possibilities of support for  NGO Conference on networking and \nchallenges prior to 12.COM being planned at the Jeju islands.\n·          Follow up email for support will be sent to UAE by Diego.\n·          Jorijn has sent elaborate email on capacity building projects to the UNESCO Secretariat. \nWe are waiting for feedback from Tim Curtis who was away in Australia till January 24th.\n·          Indonesia will support a preparatory workshop in Europe for the Capacity Building program\nwith NGOs. Proposed dates are April 4 (afternoon) and April 5. Venue will be facilitated at \nUNESCO Le Fontenoy office through Indonesia delegation. 10 participants are expected. This \nwill include the Steering Committee members to be present are Joanne , Jorijn and Diego. \nMembers of ICH NGO Capacity Building Working Group and delegate from Indonesia. Proposed\nfacilitators are Harriet Deacon and one more person. Jorijn will send invitations while Diego will \nfollow up with Indonesia.\n\n5. Heritage Alive;\n- Eivind Falk and Heritage Alive working group has proposed a publication with articles shared \non traditional medicines. ICHCAP has confirmed support.\n \n6 OTHER ISSUES: Newsletter will give a call for volunteers for support for French Translation. \nDatabase on ICH NGOs will be targeted prior t o 12.COM.\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-02-11",
    "title": "170211_Minutes-Skype-meeting-SC-ICH-NGO-Forum",
    "text" : "Minutes form Skype meeting SC ICH NGO Forum 17/02/17\n\n1.       Minute taker Joanne Orr\n\n2.       Apologies received from Diego, Ananya, Ki Leonce – present in meeting Antoine, Jorijn, \nMagadalena, Joanne\n\n3.       Letter  to Steering Committee (SC) from IOV offering to substitute retiring SC member with \nalternative- SC agreed that as the inaugural SC had been set up based on individuals rather than as \norganisations and that as the SC  was more than half way through its term, a replacement would not \nbe necessary, but to thank IOV for their kind offer. SC will reply to letter.\n\n4.       SC Elections Board\nAfter two calls nominations for the Election Board have now closed. Four nominations have been \nreceived for the Election Board, but no nominations from Eastern Europe, Arab, Latin American and \nCaribbean Electoral groups.  All four nominations have been accepted and the Board is:\nAFRICA, Mr GICHURU, Francis Xavier, NGO African Cultural Regeneration Institute (ACRI), Kenya, E-\nmail:fxgichuru@yahoo.com\n\nASIA and PACIFIC, Ms. Hahm, Hanhee, NGO Center for Intangible Culture Studies (www.ichpedia.org), \nThe Republic of Korea (South-Korea), hanhee@jbnu.ac.kr \n\nWESTERN-EUROPE and NORTHERN AMERICA, \n- Mr. Laurier Turgeon,NGO  FSAC/ACEF, Folklore Studies Association of Canada/Association \ncanadienne d'ethnologie et de folklore, Canada, laurier.turgeon@hst.ulaval.ca\n- Mr. Lluís Garcia Petit, NGO Ens de l'Associacionisme Cultural Català, Spain, lgp@pangea.org\n\nThis Election Board will organise the elections for the next Steering Committee during the 12.COM  \nIntergovernmental Committee. Jorijn informs the involved persons/NGOs on behalf of SC.\n \n\n5.       Capacity building workshop\nThe preparations for a two day capacity building workshop for ICH NGO’s is going well and dates have\nnow been identified in Spring and a facilitator agreed the event will be funded by Indonesia and will \nalso work on preparations for a workshop in Korea in December.\nDay one will bring around twenty people together in person largely based in Europe for cost reasons \nwith Skype interventions throughout the day from further afield to exchange case studies and best \npractice.\nDay two will be maximum of ten people working  on the programme for a larger three day Capacity \nBuilding Workshop in Korea provisional dates 1-3 Dec with a proposal to replace the ICH NGO Forum \nsymposium with the workshop followed by networking events throughout the 12.COM week with \npresentations for knowledge exchange.\n\n6.       Other Issues\na)       SC agreed to provide a reference letter for Antoine G\nb)      The next newsletter is ready however we are having difficulty in uploading documents and this \nis delaying progress\nc)       Heritage Alive – ICHCAP are supporting the publication of a special dedicated newsletter and \nthe Forum will be launching a call for articles\n\nmailto:E-mail%3Afxgichuru@yahoo.com\nmailto:E-mail%3Afxgichuru@yahoo.com\nhttp://12.com/\nhttp://12.com/\nmailto:lgp@pangea.org\nmailto:laurier.turgeon@hst.ulaval.ca\nmailto:hanhee@jbnu.ac.kr\nhttp://www.ichpedia.org/\n\n\nAOB ?\nSC discussed the Evaluation forum to be held in China in June by UNESCO: the ‚open workshop’ that \nhas been decided at the end of 11.COM concerning the Global Results Framework for the \nConvention: \n    http://www.unesco.org/culture/ich/en/events?meeting_id=00581  + see Decision 11.COM: \nhttp://www.unesco.org/culture/ich/en/decisions/11.COM/14\nand the NGO Forum's enthusiasm to participate to this open workshop with some of our members \n(see also our statement 11COM in this regard) \n- the workshop details will be announced later on UNESCO website - but we heard informally it would \nbe in June and in China \n+ idea to maybe try to prepare something on behalf of NGO Forum (discussion text? point of view? .. \ncfr proposal of Antoine already last year)\nSC were enthusiastic about supporting this event.\n\nNext Skype meeting – 15th March 2pm Paris time\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-03-15",
    "title": "170315-minutes-sc-ICH-NGO-forum-Skype-meeting",
    "text" : "Prepared by A. Gauthier\n\nICHNGO Forum Steering Committee Skype Meeting – March 15th 2017\n\n1- Association\nAssociation is now registered in France. Bank account will be opened probably next \nweek. Money will be deposited there asap.\n\n2-  Election board\nIts members will receive a communication soon regarding the procedures (see past \nmeeting’s minutes).\n\n3- Change in IOV representative \nA communication will be sent in accordance with what has been stated during last Skype\nmeeting.\n\n4- Capacity building in Paris\nWe didn’t receive confirmation from Indonesia so far. Jorijn will call for more info in \norder to plan it all. Could be on May 15-16th. People and topics are mainly confirmed. \nStill need some coordination work. We have the room confirmed at UNESCO’s \nheadquarters.\n\n5- Event in Korea (Jeju) is heading well. Refer to last meeting’s minutes. 1-3 déc. 2017.\n\n6- Global Monitoring\nNo news yet on June meeting regarding measuring the success of the convention (global \nmonitoring framework). Some Steering Committee members (Jorijn, Ananya and \nAntoine) plan to be present in China for the meeting. Antoine will coordinate ICH-NGO \nForum position based on the future UNESCO working documents.\n\n7- A meeting with the Convention Secretariat will be proposed soon together with \nDiego and Jorijn. \n\n8- Varia\nThe NGO Traditions for Tomorrow will inaugurate an exhibition on Indigenous traditions \nin Paris in UNESCO’s headquarter from 18th of April.\n\nAnanya is organizing a workshop on wood carving in India.\n\nWebsite challenges are being solved at this time.\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-05-11",
    "title" : "170511_Minutes-of-ICH-NGO-Forum-SC-Skype-meeting-1",
    "text" : "Minutes of ICH NGO Forum SC Skype meeting\nMay 11, 2017\n\nParticipants :\nAnanya Bhattacharya\nJorijn Neyrinck\nAntoine Gauthier\nJoanne Orr\nDiego Gradis\n\nExcused:\nKi Leonce\nMagdalena Tovornik\n\n1 Minutes of previous meeting April 11 2107: approved\n\n2 Association: The balance on the Indonesian donation of November 2016 in Addis Ababa was \ndeposited on the Societe Generale bank account of the association, which is now operational. \nMagdalena (President), Jorijn (General Secretary), Diego (Treasurer) have collective two by two \nsignature on the account\n\n3. Elections to the Steering Committee: Members of the Election Board have been informed in April \nand will launch the work. (Contact with Asian representative might need to be re-established because\nemail bounced back.)\n\n4. IOV: Answer to their proposal for an SC member, as of now, was sent. They will then propose a \ncandidate for the next elections to the SC – region yet to be determined.\n\n5. Paris, May 15 and 16: Capacity building prep workshop:\n- Good participation in quantity and quality (Ananya by Skype, Joanne, Jorijn and Diego for the SC), \nincl. John De Coninck for Africa, plus Harriet, Marit, Albert and Marc Jacobs and others\n- webinar to be arranged by the UNESCO secretariat\n- Harriet Deacon fees and expenses, still to be finalized; during the Paris workshop and to be paid out \nwith Indonesian money, only if agreement obtained from Indonesia\n- Contact with Indonesia: MOU sent to Pudentia. 10’000 US$ hoped to be deposited on Association \nBank Account and coming directly from the Ministry of Culture of Indonesia\n- Joanne will take notes on May 16 for minutes, although Harriet’s document will pretty much be \nminutes\n\n6. Korea: December 2017 Cap Bldg. workshop\n- Things are going smoothly with CHF\n- Jorijn will inform ICHCAP after the Paris workshop (Contact : Mr Hu, Director), of the developments \nof the general process, and of CHF’s involvement\n\n7. China: Global monitoring framework, Chengdu, June 2017\n- SC Committee discussed and approved the general points proposed verbally by Antoine, which are \nas following:\ni) strongly support the creation of a global framework\n\n\n\nii) stress the idea that indicators to monitor and measure ICH could eventually be (partly) adapted to \nthe main ICH domains in order to be more precise and avoid too general conclusions \niii) recall the proposal made in Korea to have an International ICH Observatory composed inter alia of \nICH NGOs\niv) that communities and groups should be involved in the implementation of the framework, in the \nspirit of the ethical principles and of the aim of effective safeguarding\n- Proposition to add specifically that NGOs should officially be part of the process of defining the \nframework in their consultative capacity to the Convention bodies\n- Antoine’s draft proposal to be passed on to SC members at the latest May 17 for commentaries\n\n8. Paris: May 15 2017 SC meeting with the Secretariat\n- Diego and Jorijn, Joanne getting in too late in Paris\n- Agenda passed on to the Secretariat and approved\n- Forum database: after Gabriele’s report of SC members comments, will be passed on to the \nSecretariat for opinion and consent prior to putting it in place (Need to see how to express \ngratefulness to Gabriele for his contribution: part of airfare to Korea, mention in public of his support,\nwritten recognition.\n\nDate proposal for next SC meeting: June 21 - 1pm Paris time\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-08-03",
    "title" : "170803-Minutes-SC-ICH-NGO-Forum-skype-meeting",
    "text" : "ICH Forum Steering Committee Skype Meeting\nReport on August 3 meeting (13h Paris time)\n\n1- Heritage Alive\na. All articles came\nb. Ananya will send a short brief\n\n2- Capacity building\na. A newsletter regarding registration has been sent to over 1000 NGO \n\nemails\nb. We received so far around 20 subscription from all around the world\nc. Everything is going well\n\n3- Museum Europe project\na. A Steering Committee member will likely be invited to each meeting in \n\norder to participate and reflect on the project and its outcomes\nb. Diego will represent the SC in Nov. for their 1rst meeting.\n\n4- ICHNGO Forum event in Dec.\na. Schedule being thoroughly discussed. Jorijn will wrap it up for the next \n\nmeeting.\ni. Annual plenary meeting\nii. Elections\n\niii. Daily meetings\niv. Monday lunch welcoming new NGOs\nv. Heritage Alive\n\nvi. Capacity building (wrap up of the previous event + regional \nnetworking)\n\nvii. Regional meetings\nviii. Ethical declaration for NGOs (document Antoine + working group \n\nmeeting)\nix. Written Statement on Jean Roche’s death\n\nb. Archives is a good subject possibly for next year.\n\n5- Newsletter\na. News about China’s working group on the Global Framework (text by \n\nAnanya in collaboration with Antoine)\n\n\n\nb. Call for interest and for existing NGO documents on ethics and \nculture/ICH\n\n6- Next meetings\na. August 22rd, 13h Paris Time\nb. Sept. 11th, 13h Paris Time\nc. We’ll try to have 2 Skype meetings each month in preparation for Dec.\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-09-11",
    "title" : "170911_Minutes-of-Skype-Meeting",
    "text" : "Meeting on Sep 11\nJorijn, Diego, Antoine, Joanne, Magdalena, Leonce, Ananya \n\n1. The plan shared for NGO activities online will outline access restrictions. Meetings where \nobservers can participate will be mentioned.   \n\n2. December 4, Monday , 12:30 pm  – 2:30 pm : Session to be called Welcome Session for NGOs . \nThere will be a presentation on the NGO Forum and new NGOs will be welcomed. For \npresentation on CAP state parties and category II centers may be invited. \n\n3. ‘NGO Forum Market Place’ will be on display all afternoon.  Jorijn to find out about space and \nthen we can discuss about display.  There will be table space  for NGOs to share material.  \n\n4. The annual plenary meeting in the evening will have report of SC 2017 and discussion on Forum \nDevelopment. \n\n5. The regional working group meeting on December 5 aims at developing regional networking of \nNGOs. Category II canters with mandate of networking will also be invited. This will be a follow \nup on the decisions in Capacity Building Workshop. A light lunch will be provided by the ICH NGO\nForum.  \n\n6. Morning meetings of SC will be scheduled based on need for drafting response to agenda points\n7. Editorial Board meeting for # Heritage Alive will be scheduled on Dec 7 – 8-30 am – 9-30 am\n8. SC members who have not registered for CAP and will attend need to register ASAP . There are \n\naround 52 registrations of which 30  have confirmed +  28 registrations by Korean organizations. \nJorijn shared the Harriet’s note on case studies. \n\n9. Currently ICHCAP is not funding interpretations for the Book Symposium. Eivind will check \npossibility. SC ma check with supporters of forum\n\n10. The following is the  planned numbers of copies for the book \n\nPublication \nSeminar 12th COM\n\nParticipants\nAuthor\ns\n\nWHO Secretariat\n\nICHCAP Heritage \nAlive \nEditorial \nBoard\n\nSteering \ncommittee / \nNGO Forum\n\nTotal\n \nApprox.\n\n100 500\n90(5*\n18)\n\nWaiting\nfor \nrespons\n\n100 200 150 25 1200 + \nWHO\n\nI have suggested that 50 are kept for SC/ NGO Forum\n\n11. A regret note mentioning the three deaths of ICH NGO Forum members will be prepared. \nMagdalena will coordinate for obituary note on Jean Roche mentioning his contribution for the \nforum. Jorijn will share with Diego material she may have on Marcel from Belgium.\n\n12. Jorijn is meeting Tim on 28 Sep\n13. Diego will work with Lluis for activating the election process. Incidentally Laurier Turgeon sent \n\nout an email today. \n14. Ananya will make a short note on the Working group meeting for the newsletter by end of this \n\nweek. Antoine has already shared the forum statements. \n\n15. Antoine to share on his ideas on  NGO Ethical Declaration \n\n\n\n16. Leonce will do French translation of newsletter (?)\n17. Next meeting is on Sep 30, Saturday at  1 pm\n\nPoints to be discussed in future meetings\n\n\uF0B7 Jorijn- Update on meeting with Secretariat, CAP\n\n\uF0B7 NGO Forum speech \n\n\uF0B7 Communication on ICH NGO Forum in  NGO Marketplace\n\n\uF0B7 Report of SC2017, Forum development \n\n\uF0B7 NGO Ethical Declaration "
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-10-11",
    "title" : "171011-minutes-SC-ICH-NGO-Forum-Skype-meeting",
    "text" : "11 October 2017\nkey points Steering Committee meeting Skype session\npresent: Léonce, Antoine, Diego, Jorijn, Ananya\n\n-> some amendments on minutes 30 september > Jorijn sends some (see below)\n\n1. ELECTIONS:\nDiego sent proposal regarding the questions of Laurier: \n6 members in SC with 1 representative for each region > 3 regions to elect; 3 to stay.\nTo stay: For Asia-Pacific: Ananya, for Africa: Léonce, for Europe: Jorijn; \n+ the seats from Latin America, Arab Region and Eastern Europe are to be elected\n- All SC members agree with proposal Diego formulated.\n- other questions: were decided at the 11COM NGO meeting, so can just be followed as \n- For future elections raise the issue that as well candidates for SC as for election board should prove \ntheir \n- preference for Foru address Gabre\nor  else special address for election process\n\n2. Showcase / Welcome session on NGO Forum    @ 12.COM, \nOn Monday 4th December in Jeju, between 12.30 and 5.30 in a public space of the 12COM Venue, we\nwish to set up a Showcase / Welcome session on NGO Forum and NGOs,  open and visible for all \n12COM participants. In this event, we wish to present on one hand NGO Forum in general + on other \nhand offer space and occasion to individual NGOs to present their own contributions to ICH work and \nConvention’s implementation = important to show off the activities of the Forum and the NGOs \ncontributions worldwide to the Convention \n\n-> Situation: Jorijn explains (cfr email this week) she would rather not be the coordinator/organizer of\nthis moment because already much to coordinate during 12COM, CAP etc >>  Therefore question to \nSC members: Can someone else coordinate?  Or: if no one else really can take care, then maybe \nshould we better decide NOT to organize it?\n\n-> Decision after discussion: \nWe decide to continue the organization of this session. \nThe work is redirected: Ananya is first contact point in charge of this moment, and Diego will assist. \n+ In the preparing conversations and emails keep Jorijn in cc for sake of being up to date with all \narrangements.\n\nOverview of work to be done for it:\n1. fill out the form for side event (see email UNESCO  <c.varnet@unesco.org>  forwarded by Jorijn )\nand send it back to UNESCO  + communication on this with Secretariat  > Ananya (& Diego and jorijn \nin cc)\n2. Prepare print presentation on the Forum: roll-up? posters? textile banners?  -> preference to make \na roll-up/banner to re-use + program on a poster \n> Diego texts  > Ananya graphic and print  > + Jorijn will forward email of Jin (CHF) on possible print \ncompanies at Jeju if considered easier ( India will be cheaper, but then Ananya needs to take in \nluggage) \n3. Prepare a communication/ call to individual NGOs to bring their own material for that moment \n(adapted to the space indications and facilities -like tables etc- once we will receive answer via \nUNESCO secretariat on the space and facilities we well be able to use for this side event \n\nmailto:c.varnet@unesco.org\n\n\n+ then send a call via email to all NGOs registered at 12COM (via a newsletter/Gabriele?) > \nAnanya/Diego?\n4. other?  \n\n3. Buttons for NGOs visibility\n- Jorijn prepares and brings to Jeju\n- 200 buttons\n\n4.    EXPENDITURES for 12.COM for the Forum? :  invoice to NGO Forum assocation > direct invoice, or \ninvoice afterwards when our NGO pays the invoices first at national level\n\n5. Contact Indonesia about their support for regional working group: Food? \nOn to do list Diego, soon follow up\n\n6. French interpretation at NGO activities: \nLéonce in charge: contact French Embassy and Alliance Française \n\n7. Jorijn sent draft newsletter and has re-worked with suggestions of SC \nLéonce translates today. Gabriele will send out next week. \n+ update: registration for CAP will also be communicated (in newletter + via special email to all pre-\nregistered participants)\n\n8. - Diego made point on NGO Forum at UNESCO executive board; + asked UNESCO NGO Liaison \ncommittee to publish information note on the activities of the ICH NGO Forum\n\n9.    ethical principles NGOs\nIn view of working group at 12COM, Antoine started with exercice on the UNESCO 12 principles to be \nadapted to NGO context > simplified version of the principles +  adding NGO perspective \n\n10. Next Skype is on Friday October 27 ,  12.30 pm Paris time\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2017-11-15",
    "title" : "171115_Minutes-SC-skyoe-meeting-2017",
    "text" : "Minutes 15 November 2017 \nkey points Steering Committee meeting  Skype session \npresent: Léonce, Antoine, Diego, Jorijn, Joanne, Ananya, Magdalena\n\n1) Diego to talk to election body clarify on international candidate for three \nregions. We understand a candidate can be for one region. In the forum \nmeeting on Day 1 , SC candidates will briefly introduce themselves\n\n2)Ananya to check whether 3rd floor is an area where people will in general \ncongregate. Ananya will send two lines on content for newsletter on NGO \nForum to Jorijn this week\n\n3)Ananya will send bilingual banner design to Jin for printing - if it is an issue \nshe will print \n\n4)Joanne and Antoine will make a brief statement for the opening mentioning \nachievements and challenges - All SC members to examine the document on \nNGO accreditation for appropriate reflection on the statement\n\n5) Food - we selected the costlier option \n\n6) Regional group meeting - to ask regions to identify who will lead \n\n7) Ethics Working Group - Marc Jacobs to present. Antoine will send two lines for \ninclusion in newsletter inviting NGOs to share\n\n8) 5 'only French' speakers in capacity building workshop. 90 registrations\n\n9) Jorijn to send out newsletter next week\n\n10) Next meeting at 2-30 pm Paris time on 24 Nov\n\n\n\n"

  },
  {
    "date" : "2018-04-23",
    "title" : "180423-SC-ICH-NGO-Forum-meeting",
    "text" :  "ICH NGO FORUM STEERING COMMITTEE\n\nMinutes of meeting: 23 April, 2018- 3:30 PM\n\nAGEND\n\nA ITEM\n\nPOINT OF\n\nDISCUSSION\n\nOUTCOME\n\n1 Next SC Skype\n\nmeeting\n\nNext SC meeting scheduled for 14/05/2018 \n\n3:00 PM Paris time\n\n2 Communication, \n\nIT, Database\n\nOrder of communications to Forum via email:\n\n1- Call for NGO presentations at 7GA (ASAP)\n\n2- Newsletter\n\n3- ‘Jorge’ call\n\n- Ananya will add last details to call for NGO presentations at \n\n7GA and coordinate with Secretariat on this matter. Léonce will\n\ntranslate to French. Gabriele will design and prepare for \n\ndistribution.\n\n- Jorge’s proposed call must be emailed before 7GA to be able \n\nto discuss the results during the Forum meeting. Email will be \n\nsent to entire mailing list, not only known accredited NGOs. \n\nJorge to conduct last edits and send back to SC.\n\n-Jorge to coordinate with Gabriele and CICS to build and \n\nmanage a comprehensive database, as well as to start working \n\nwith block chains as a better way to manage data.\n\n- Newsletter is almost ready, Jorge to translate to French. \n\n\n\nShould be emailed preferably a week after 7GA call.\n\n3 Follow up \n\nAssociation\n\nEastern Europe representative is non-responsive to allocated \n\nTreasurer duties, as well as a general inactivity in SC meetings.\n\nJorijn to email member with SC in copy in order to officially \n\ncommunicate situation.\n\n- SC members suggested Jorijn carry on accounting duties until\n\nthe end of the year, however, Jorijn would prefer not to. \n\nAlternative solutions must be decided\n\n4 2018 SC \n\nElections\n\n- Election Board have begun their work with only 2 members. \n\nA call will be emailed out inviting members outside of Group 1\n\nto join the Board.\n\n- Ananya will email Election Board to enquire whether they \n\nwill be attending 7GA.\n\n5 Inter-alia \n\nWorking Group\n\nNGO workshop to discuss inter-alia role of NGOs to be \n\nscheduled for 7 June after GA meeting. Jorijn to prepare \n\nconcept and organise workshop.\n\n6 Working Groups Jorge proposed 2 new working groups: ICH & Youngsters and \n\nICH in emergencies. Despite current WGs being inactive, these\n\nnew ones will be included in the ‘Jorge’ call so NGOs may \n\nconsider them as an area of interest or expertise.\n\n7 Funding After the initial funding offer from Indonesia during 12.COM, \n\nno further communications have happened. Jorijn will \n\ncoordinate with Ananya on this matter to reconnect with \n\nIndonesia.\n\n8 7GA Ananya to coordinate preparation regarding NGO presentation. \n\nJorijn to coordinate communication with Secretariat. Jorijn and \n\nAnanya keep in touch.\n\n\n\n9 13.COM Ananya to communicate structure of NGO symposium and the \n\nsupport required from host country for 13.COM.\n\n10 IMP Syria Trust for Development to attend September meeting on \n\nbehalf of SC.\n\n\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2018-10-30",
    "title" : "181030_SC-skype-minutes-1",
    "text" : "NGO Forum Steering Committee Skype session\n30 October 2018\n\npresent: Ananya, Reme/Fares, Jorge, Jorijn (minutes)\nApologized: Léonce\nAbsent: Michal (resignated)\n\n1. Symposium\n- programme sent to UNESCO: feedback:\n> interpreters finish at 1 pm\n> Start at 9.30 (9 Registration, start 9.30)\n> lunch break 12.30-1pm \n> Group discussion on the Role of NGOs + plenary Feedback (Conclusion)\n> Jorge will send drafted program asap\n> add general text on the topic + practical information\n> Which Room > cfr 13COM plenary room?\n\n2. Opening Speech = on Monday  = prepared by Steering Committee\n> WHO?\nThis once: Ananya + Léonce\n\n3. Statement = to be discussed on General Meeting of NGOs on Monday evening, and \nthen reworked > to be adopted later in the week by NGO Meeting\n> WHO? > all send input\n\n4. Communication:\nJorge will be in touch with Gabriele and prepare communication for next days and \nweeks\nJorge will ask Léonce to translate everything to French\nNewsletter> see below\n+ put Jorijn in CC in all communication with Gabriele to follow up from experience of \npast years\n\n5. Week Schedule NGO Forum:\n- a table or two should be available in the hall for NGO flyers and communication + a \nnumber of chairs\n-> not a big programme like at the GA (because it is time-intensive to review \n-> Jorijn write Helena Drobna to have banner etc of the Forum at Mauritius\n-> cfr re-worked schedule by Jorge:\n  - Monday orientation session 1.30-2.30\n  - General Forum Meeting in the Evening\n  - Open Space for NGO presentations (evening sessions on Thursday and Friday)\nEvening sessions: 6 to 8 pm\n\n\n\n6. NEWSLETTER: REME coordinates and prepares\n= send all information to Reme: Jorijn will send input on inter alia + Ananya input on \nGA + Jorge on schedules for NGO Program 13COM  > Reme brings together\n> Reme will bring together and make newsletter asap\n>  Ki Léonce translates \n> Jorge coordinates with Gabriele for sending ASAP newsletter out\n\n7. Wednesday at Lunch: regional Group meetings \n> Reme/Jorge: ask secretariat for 6 spaces/rooms so that each group can sit together \nper region\n\n8. Ananya will contact Pudentia for support\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2018-02-19",
    "title": "20180219-minutes-SC-Skype-meeting",
    "text" : "20180219 SC Skype meeting\n\n\nSTEERING COMMITTEE SKYPE MEETING\n\nFebruary 19, 2018\n\nPARTICIPANTS\n\n\nANANYA\t \t A\n\n\nJORJIN\t \t J\n\n\nMICHAEL\t \t M\n\n\nFARRES / REME\t F\n\n\nJORGE C\t \t JC\n\n\nKEY POINTS\n\n\n1. Call for “Inter alia” definition\n\n\nJ: Steering Committee should outline a scope\n\n\n2. Working groups\n\n\nJC: Open an ICH and Youngsters working group with the help of Dr. Stephanie Herold who has \n\nan NGO in the process of accreditation\n\n\n3. Newsletter\n\n\nJ: will have a draft in two weeks\n\n\nJC: Can have a Translation to French ready in a week after having the original \n\n\n4. Electoral Board\n\n\nJ: Only two people from Europe and North America region, and one from Asia have registered\n\n\nPage �  of �1 3\n\n\n\nSTEERING COMMITTEE SKYPE MEETING\n\nFebruary 19, 2018\n\n5. Mauritius\n\n\nJC: Outline a Budget for NGO Symposium, but we need to outline the scope of the ICH NGO\n\n\nJ: We can discuss that in the general meeting with the NGO´s in Mauritius\n\n\nA: Will make the letter for Mauritius \n\n\n6. Symposium \n\n\nJ: Make a Call to to accredited NGO´s to add concepts to the “Inter alia” definition\n\n\nM: Since Inter alia is a Latin word, a subtitle with a short description would be useful \n\n\nJC: Tim open in Jeju an opportunity to define the scope of participation of the accredited NGO\n\n\nJ: We need this definitions for the summer\n\n\nA: Make a draft of the Symposium, and the Call to NGO´s\n\n\n7. UNESCO 7GA will take place from 4 to 6 of June in Paris\n\n\nJ: Will chat with Elena\n\n\nJC: On the 5 of June in lunch they will present the OSMOSE Project\n\n\nJC: Work a Budget for NGO Forum, and invite the coordinators of the working groups to add \n\ntheir budget to try to have a more comprehensive budget of the ICH NGO Forum\n\n\n8. ICH Forum Bank Account\n\n\nM: Didn’t find the bank to fulfill some Banking steps in Warsaw, Poland\n\n\nJ:  Will send the bank address\n\n\nPage �  of �2 3\n\n\n\nSTEERING COMMITTEE SKYPE MEETING\n\nFebruary 19, 2018\n\n9. Regarding IMP Contact Session 2 in Italy\n\n\nF: Considering to participate, but for the next meeting (In September)\n\n\nJ: Mention that there is support for a SC member with plane and hotel\n\n\n10. Website\n\n\nJ: Important proposal of support from Korean IT, however Gabriele feels left aside\n\n\nJC: We need to encourage participation as well as we recognize Gabriele effort in all this years, \n\nhowever several updates are in order such as to create a Blockchain to decentralize the \n\ninformation and avoid the risk of loosing it, and even create an App \n\n\nJ: Will send a mail to Gabriele, the Korean and Jorge to open this discussion on IT\n\n\nJC: Will copy this mail to the Bulgarian, Indian and Canadian NGO´s who are willing to \n\nparticipate in the IT group\n\n\nNext SC meeting Monday 19 of March \n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2020-01-22",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_02.05.2019",
    "text" : "SC 2nd meet minutes final\n\n\n \n\n - 1 - \n\nMINUTES of the 2nd meeting of the ICH NGO Forum Steering Committee \n \nSkype meeting, 22 January 2020, 15–17 (Paris time) \n \nPresent: Jorge Gustavo Caicedo, Naila Ceribašić, Dong Hwan Choi, Butholezwe \nKgosi Nyathi, Kaloyan Nikolov, Meg Nömgård \n \nAbsent: Reme Sakr (excused because her class lasted longer than planned) \n \nGabriele Desiderio joined on agenda items 1-4.d. \n \n \nAgenda: \n1. Welcome, opening of the meeting  \n2. Adoption of agenda \n3. Approval of minutes of the 1st meeting of the Steering Committee \n4. Current issues \n\n4.a. Publication of the Newsletter  \n4.b. Updating the structure and information available at ICH NGO Forum website \n4.c. Information to all accredited NGOs on the ICH NGO Forum pre-14.COM and \n\n14.COM activities (summaries and reports of all sessions) \n4.d. New logo of the Forum \n4.e. Information to all accredited NGOs on the adopted Bylaws and Code of \n\nconduct \n4.f. Proposal of the Working Group on Gender and Intellectual Property Rights \n\n5. Preparation of programme for 8.GA \n6. Preparation of programme for 15.COM \n7. Financial matters  \n\n7.a. Financial report \n7.b. A new ICH NGO Forum account \n\n8. Follow-up on each member responsibilities \n9. Other business \n10. Next meeting \n11. Closing of the meeting \n \n1. Welcome, opening of the meeting  \nMeg Nömgård opened and chaired the meeting. Due to technical issues, and moving \nfrom Skype to Zoom and back to Skype, it started at 15:30. \n \n2. Adoption of agenda \nThe agenda was adopted. \n \n3. Approval of minutes of the 1st meeting of the Steering Committee \nThe minutes were approved. Naila Ceribašić will send them tomorrow to Gabriele \nDesiderio, who will publish them at the Forum’s website. The same procedure will \napply to further meetings and their minutes. \n \n \n \n\n\n\n \n\n - 2 - \n\n4. Current issues \n \n\n4.a. Publication of the Newsletter  \nThe Committee discussed the number of Newsletters planned for 2020, the ways to \nincrease their visibility and their publication in both English and French. It was \ndecided to publish three Newsletters during the 2020 – first in early February, \nfocused on the Forum’s activities in Bogotá, second in June after the GA, and third \nin November before 15.COM. Naila Ceribašić will be in charge of preparing \nmaterial in English, Dong Hwan Choi for translations to French, Butholezwe \nKgosi Nyathi in collaboration with Gabriele Desiderio for their editing and layout \nfor the Newsletters, and Kaloyan Nikolov for photos. Related to agenda item 4.b., \nButholezwe Kgosi Nyathi will also work on increasing the visibility of Newsletter. \n \n4.b. Updating the structure and information available at ICH NGO Forum \n\nwebsite \nButholezwe Kgosi Nyathi and Kaloyan Nikolov will work on this matter in close \ncollaboration with Gabriele Desiderio. Information will be received from members \nof the Committee who are in charge of specific matters. Gabriele will authorize \nButholezwe as co-editor of the Forum’s Facebook page. \nUntil Friday, 24 January, all members of the Committee should send to Gabriele \ntheir photos and short biographies (up to 200 words) to be published on the \nForum’s website. \n \n4.c. Information to all accredited NGOs on the ICH NGO Forum pre-14.COM \n\nand 14.COM activities (summaries and reports of all sessions) \nNaila Ceribašić sent a letter to all chairs/moderators/facilitators of the sessions who \ndid not submit their reports already in Bogotá. Only two of them responded until \nthe deadline of 19 January. Therefore, she will once again send a reminder with the \ndeadline of 31 January. Afterwards, all summaries and received reports will be \nincluded in the Newsletter, and send to all accredited NGOs together with the \ninformation concerning the adoption of the Bylaws and the Code of Conduct. \n \n4.d. New logo of the Forum \nIn order to include French version of the Forum’s name in its logo, the Committee \ncontacted Gabriele Desiderio, who created several options. One of them was \nselected by the Committee as the new official logo of the Forum, along with the \nother one that is only in English (and includes the text “Intangible Cultural \nHeritage and Civil Society”), which will be revised in due time to also include \nFrench. A new English-French logo will be used for all official texts and \ncommunication. Gabriele Desiderio will send to all members of the Committee a \nversion in high resolution. He will also place new logo visibly on the Forum’s \nwebsite. \n \n4.e. Information to all accredited NGOs on the adopted Bylaws and Code of \n\nconduct \nAccording to art. 5 of the adopted Bylaws, “any NGO accredited to the Convention \nshall be considered a member of the ICH NGO Forum after being informed in this \nregard, unless it declines membership in the ICH NGO Forum.” Therefore the \nCommittee has to inform all accredited NGOs about the adoption of these two \n\n\n\n \n\n - 3 - \n\nstatutory documents, including the information about their status of member \nNGOs. The Committee discussed whether a more formal endorsement and/or \nconsent to the Bylaws should be requested, whether it should be directed only to \nnewly-accredited or all accredited NGOs, as well as advantages and disadvantages \nof such a request. It was decided to stick to the stipulation from art. 5 of the \nBylaws. However, with further strengthening of the Forum, the Committee may \npropose to the General Assembly – perhaps already to the next GA to be held \nduring 15.COM – a revision of the art. 5 of the Bylaws towards a more formal \napproval of membership in the Forum.  \nThe information on the adopted Bylaws and Code of conduct, including the \ninformation related to art. 5, will be send to all accredited NGOs in (early) \nFebruary, together with summaries and reports of all sessions held in Bogotá, and a \nrequest to update information relating to their activities which is available at the \nForum’s website.  \n \n4.f. Proposal of the Working Group on Gender and Intellectual Property \n\nRights \nThe Working Group on Gender and Intellectual Property Rights reported on its \nvery ambitious plan for 2020 that the members of the Group agreed upon in \nBogotá. It relates to the organization of a symposium or a workshop to be held in \nMexico in collaboration with the Steering Committee, and/or a publication within \nthe #HeritageAlive series. The Committee decided that Jorge Gustavo Caicedo will \ncontact the chair of the Working Group to clarify the plan and its feasibility. He \nwill inform the Committee about the outcomes at the next meeting. \n \n\n5. Preparation of programme for 8.GA \nDue to a lack of time, this agenda item will be addressed at the next meeting. \n \n6. Preparation of programme for 15.COM \nDue to a lack of time, this agenda item will be addressed at the next meeting. \n \n7. Financial matters \n \n\n7.a. Financial report \nIt has appeared that the financial document related to the operation of the \nCommittee’s account in France was, by mistake, not signed by all members of the \nCommittee. Consequently, the account may not be used and/or closed until \nCaicedo, Nyathi and Sakr co-sign the document. This will be done when we meet \nin June 2020 at GA in Paris.  \n \n7.b. A new ICH NGO Forum account \nAs agreed upon in Bogotá, Kaloyan Nikolov examined the frame of operation of \nwallet companies (such as ravolut.com, vialet.eu, and others), which provide bank \naccounts in virtual space. This could be a way to overcome problems of \naccessibility and unnecessary expenses that the Committee has encountered with \nits current bank account which is located in France. Nikolov will send links to \nrelevant information to all members of the Committee. \n \n\n \n\n\n\n \n\n - 4 - \n\n8. Follow-up on each member responsibilities \nDue to a lack of time, this agenda item will be addressed at the next meeting. \n \n9. Other business \nNo other business was raised. \n \n10. Next meeting \nThe Committee agreed upon a regular rhythm of its meetings. They will be held on \nfirst Wednesday of a month, from 15 to circa 17, Paris time. Jorge Gustavo Caicedo \nwill solve all possible technical difficulties in advance, so that meetings can start at \nexactly 3 p.m., Paris time. He will also serve as a technical organizer of the meetings. \nThe next meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, 5 February, 15-17, Paris time. \n \n11. Closing of the meeting \nMeg Nömgård thanked all the members and closed the meeting at 17:10. \n \n \nMinutes drafted by Naila Ceribašić on 23 January 2020; approved by the Steering \nCommittee on 5 February 2020, followed by their publication on the ICH NGO \nForum website; translation into French made by Dong Hwan Choi. \n\n\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date" :"2019-02-12",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_02.12.2019",
    "text" : "Meeting Minutes Template - Basic\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nMeeting Minutes – Steering Committee of ICH NGO Forum \n\nDate:  02/12/2019 \n\nTime:  15:00 (GMT +1) \n\nAttendance \nMeg Nömgård, Naila Ceribasic, Dong Hwan Choi, Kaloyan Nikolov, Jorge Gustavo Caicedo \n\nAgenda Items \n \n\n1- ICH NGO Forum financial report \n2- 14.COM NGO activity booklet \n3- 14.COM NGO participants  \n4- Event security \n5- Translator for meetings \n6- Steering Committee 2018 activity report  \n\n \nAction Items  \n\n1- Dong Hwan Choi is continuing work on the financial report to be presented to the Forum at 14.COM. \nThe final draft will be provided to the Steering Committee by 3rd December. \n\n2- Kaloyan will apply the final edits to the booklet before its publishing. \n3- Kaloyan will prepare the final list of the NGO 14.COM participants. Naila will print the list for it to be \n\nsigned at the meeting by participants. \n4- The Steering Committee discussed security precautions due to the current civil unrest in Bogota. \n5- Jorge is exploring the provision of simultaneous or consecutive translators for the meetings. \n6- Jorge will update the Steering Committee on the progress of the Steering Committee’s 2018 activity \n\nreport \n7- The NGO Forum meetings will be recorded on camera and streamed live on Youtube. This will provide \n\nbetter access to NGOs not in attendance at 14.COM. \n8- Next meeting will be held in Bogota at Black Tower Hotel, 5pm.  \n\nOther business \n \n\nNext meeting  \n6th December. \n\n\n"

  },
  {
    "date" :"2019-03-07",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_03.07.2019",
    "text" : "Meeting Minutes Template - Basic\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nMeeting Minutes – Steering Committee of ICH NGO Forum \n\nDate:  03/07/2019 \n\nTime:  15:00 (GMT +1) \n\nAttendance \nNaila Ceribasic, Kaloyan Nikolov, Donghwan Choi, Reme Sakr \n\nAgenda Items \n \n1- Minutes of meetings \n2- Steering Committee Electoral Board  \n3- Preparations for 14.COM \n4- Newsletter \n \n\n \n\nAction Items  \n1- The minutes of previous meetings have been uploaded to the SC’s Google Drive file by Kaloyan.  \n\n \n2- Ananya has confirmed her membership to the Electoral Board to the side of Laurier and Dag. Jorge is reminded \n\nto confirm response from Martin (Latin America) regarding his potential participation in the Electoral Board. \n \n\n3- Expected NGO participants to 14.COM are 60-100 based on the number of participants from previous years. A \nCapacity Building workshop to be held on the Saturday prior to 14.COM. (Programme of workshop presented by \nNaila Ceribasic). A symposium for the Forum to be held on the Sunday prior to 14.COM (programme also \npresented). The SC must inform how many working groups will attend in order to prepare rooms and translation \nservices. The newly developed Code of Conduct will be presented on the Monday of 14.Com. The Code of \nConduct will be circulated to NGOs by email in December for review and comments. An open call will be made to \nNGOs to moderate sessions and chair panels. Consult with Gabriele regarding the creation of an info page for \nNGOs attending 14.COM \n \n\n4- Update required from Jorge regarding the drafting of the newsletter. \n\nOther business \n \n\n \n\nNext meeting  "
  },
  {
    "date" : "2019-05-06",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_05.06.2019",
    "text" : "Meeting Minutes Template - Basic\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nMeeting Minutes – Steering Committee of ICH NGO Forum \n\nDate:  05/06/2019 \n\nTime:  15:00 (GMT +1) \n\nAttendance \nMeg Nömgård, Naila Ceribasic, Kaloyan Nikolov, Jorge Gustavo \n\nAgenda Items \n \n1- Minutes of meetings \n2- Steering Committee Electoral Board candidates \n3- UNESCO Expert Meeting follow up \n4- Capacity building activities for 14.COM \n5- Preparations for 14.COM \n6- Newsletter \n \n\n \n\nAction Items  \n1- The minutes of previous meetings have been uploaded to the SC’s Google Drive file by Kaloyan.  \n\n \n2- On the topic of the Electoral Board candidates- there are currently 2 candidates to take part. Donghwan and \n\nJorge shall make contact with Latin American and Asian NGOs to get more participation. The Electoral Board \nshould be identified by the end of month in order for them to begin the electoral process. Meg Nomgard shall \ncontact Dag and Laurier to confirm their membership to the Electoral Board as the first two members.  \n \n\n \n3- Meg Nomagard shall also contact Laurier and Christiane who attended the Expert meeting in May and request a \n\nsummary of their participation and visuals of the meeting to include in the newsletter.  \n \n\n4- Following previous discussions regarding the likeability of NGOs to arrive early at 14.COM to attend the \ncapacity building workshops, SC members decided that the workshops were previously a great success and \ntherefore NGOs are likely to attend should they be held. Naila Ceribasic contacted NGO colleagues for workshop \nsuggestions and received positive feedback. Suggestions call for workshops to start either on Friday or \nSaturday before 14.COM, depending on the budget available to the Forum.  \n \n\n \n\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\n5- Contact has also been made with Daniela from Colombia regarding logistical issues for 14.COM, such as rooms, \ntransport, food and interpreters. The SC is waiting on a response from Daniela on these issues. Jorge Gustavo \nshall also approach the Colombian State party regarding financial support for the NGO Forum’s activities. \nDonghwan Choi has advised that ICHAP will support the Forum with human resources, however, finances are \nstill needed for rooms, facilitators, interpreters, transport and if possible, food and beverage breaks. \n \n\n6- Jorge Gustavo shall begin preparing the newsletter to include four sections A) NGO Consultation meeting in \nParis B) Expert Meeting in Paris C) 14.COM D) Other news \n \n \n\nOther business \n \n\n \n\nNext meeting  \n02/07/2019 \n\n\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2019-06-03",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_06.03.2019",
    "text" : "\nMeeting Minutes Template - Basic\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nMeeting Minutes – Steering Committee of ICH NGO Forum \n\nDate:  06/03/2019 \n\nTime:  15:00 (GMT +1) \n\nAttendance \nMeg Nömgård, Naila Ceribasic, Dong Hwan Choi, Kaloyan Nikolov, Reme Sakr \n\nAgenda Items \n \n\n1- The consultation meeting on the role of accredited NGOs in Paris 18 April 2019 \n2- ICH NGO Forum website \n3- Payment for Heritage Alive \n4- ICH NGO Forum account in France, and legal figure \n5- Regional networks \n6- Governance of ICH NGO Forum \n7- International events proposed by NGOs “Traditional Art Association” (Turkey) “Oral Traditions \n\nAssociation”(Indonesia) \n8- Preparations for 14COM \n9- Agenda the IMP meeting in Belgium. \n10- Other business  \n\n \nAction Items  \n \n\n \n \n\nOther business \n \n\n \n\nNext meeting  \n27/03/2019 \n\n\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2018-12-12",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_12.12.2018",
    "text" : "Meeting Minutes Template - Basic\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nMeeting Minutes – Steering Committee of ICH NGO Forum \n\nDate:  12/12/2018 \n\nTime:  15:00 (GMT +1) \n\nAttendance \nMeg Nömgård, Naila Ceribasic, Dong Hwan Choi, Kaloyan Nikolov, Jorge Gustavo Caicedo, Reme Sakr (and \nLaurier Turgeon) \n\nAgenda Items \n \n\n1. Clarification on statutory and alternate candidates for the Steering Committee \n2. ICH NGO Forum website \n3. Payment for Heritage Alive \n4. ICH NGO Forum account in France, and legal figure \n5. Regional networks \n6. Governance of ICH NGO Forum \n7. International events proposed by NGOs “Traditional Art Association” (Turkey) and “Oral Traditions Association” \n(Indonesia) \n8. Preparations for 14COM \n9. Other business \n\nAction Items  \n \n\n1. According to rules pertaining to the election of members of the Steering Committee, “NGOs presenting \na [statutory] candidate can also present the candidature of an alternate member. Only persons who \nare present at the Forum General Meeting can be elected Committee members. In case of the absence \nof the statutory candidate at that meeting, the alternate candidate will be the candidate for his NGO \nto be elected as a member of the Committee, if he/she is present at the meeting”.  \nAs clarified by Laurier Turgeon, member of the Electoral Board, this means that the actual elected \ncandidate becomes the only eligible member of the Committee, no matter an alternate status he/she \nmight have in the nomination. This also pertains to Reme Sakr from the NGO Syria Trust for \nDevelopment, who was elected at the Forum General Meeting during 12.COM. \n \n\n \n\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\n2. ICH NGO Forum website needs to be improved concerning the organization of sections, the availability, \nquality and quantity of information, and the process of its updating. All members of the Steering \nCommittee will work on this in collaboration with Gabriele Desiderio who maintains the website. In \naddition, NGOs affiliated with the Forum will be encouraged to use the new website developed by CISC \n(ichngo.net), and the two websites will link to one another. \n \n\n3. An unpaid invoice (total of 416,25 EUR) remains outstanding for the transportation of copies of \nHeritage Alive from the Republic of Korea to Norway. Meg Nömgård will process the payment and \nclarify details with Eivind Falk. \n \n\n4. For operational reasons, ICH NGO Forum bank account was established through an organization called \n“Association Forum des ONG du PCI – ICH NGO Forum” located in Paris, and the members of the \nAssociation are members of the ICH NGO Forum Steering Committee. For the same reasons, the \nAssociation has to have a President, a Secretary and Treasurer, and at least one of them should be \nlocated in Europe in order to have access to the bank account. Therefore the Committee decided to \nfulfil the roles of previous President (Jorijn Neyrinck), Secretary (Léonce Ki) and Treasurer (Ananya \nBhattachary) by new ones who are all located in Europe: Kaloyan Nikolov as a President, Naila \nCeribašić as Secretary, and Meg Nömgård as Treasurer. While necessarily accepting the current way of \noperation, the Committee agreed that an important task for all members is to consult legal advisors, \nincluding those at UNESCO that will be approached by Dong Hwan Choi, on how to transform the ICH \nNGO Forum into the entity that itself can have a bank account, avoiding a parallel organization, even \nmore so because in the current composition of the Steering Committee no member is located close to \nParis.  \n \n\n5. All main parties involved in statutory developments on the international scale agree that regional \nnetworks of NGOs involved in safeguarding ICH should be further enhanced and better inter-regionally \nbalanced. Each member of the Committee will work on developing the network in his/her electoral \nregion, while in particular in Eastern Europe, Latin America and Arab States which are currently \ninsufficiently represented. Therefore, Kaloyan Nikolov, Jorge Gustavo Caicedo Trevilla and Reme Sakr \nwill contact all already accredited NGOs with the aim to involve them more actively into the work of \nICH NGO Forum, and in consultation with them approach other relevant NGOs which may wish to \nrequest accreditation. \n \n\n \n6. An important task for the SC during 2019 is to improve its governance model, in particular in regards \n\nto its rules of operation, transparency, code of ethics, relationship between the Steering Committee, \nworking groups, regional networks and each and all NGOs accredited to the Convention, as well as the \nrelationship between ICH NGO Forum as a whole, State Parties and the Secretariat, along with legal \nissues touched upon in item 4 above. On the basis of the existing document – “ICH NGO Forum \nSteering Committee: Mission and tasks of the Committee [and] General profile of members of the \n\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nCommittee and election process”, Naila Ceribašić will work on creating a preliminary draft of \namendments that would address these mentioned aspects.  \n \n\n7. The Steering Committee was approached during 13.COM by representatives of the NGOs “Traditional \nArt Association” from Turkey and “Oral Traditions Association” from Indonesia, which proposed to \norganize during 2019, in collaboration with the ICH NGO Forum, international events of relevance for \nthe capacity building and cross-border cooperation among ICH NGOs. In both cases, it is envisioned \nthat funding will be secured locally, while programmes of the events need to be additionally elaborated \nin collaboration with the SC. The SC decided that Jorge Gustavo Caicedo Trevilla will engage in the \ncreation of the programme for the meeting of the “Oral Traditions Association”, and Naila Ceribašić and \nMeg Nömgård in the program for the meeting of the “Traditional Art Association”. \n \n\n \n8. The SC has deemed it necessary to begin general preparations of ICH NGO Forum programme for \n\n14.COM in Bogota, Colombia. Therefore Jorge Gustavo Caicedo will contact the UNESCO Secretariat to \nenquire about the expected steps and timetable. \n\nOther business \n1- The Electoral Board will be consulted for the likeability of developing the electoral rules. \n2- SC members are aware that only some NGOs present at 13.COM, including some of those supported by \n\nUNESCO, attended activities by the ICH NGO Forum. The SC shall discuss the topic of creating more \nactive participation by NGOs at14COM.  \n\n \n\nNext meeting  \nWednesday 9th January- 15:00 (GMT +1) \n\n\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date" : "2019-11-21",
    "title" : "minute_skype-meeting_21.11.2019",
    "text" : "Meeting Minutes Template - Basic\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nMeeting Minutes – Steering Committee of ICH NGO Forum \n\nDate:  21/11/2019 \n\nTime:  15:00 (GMT +1) \n\nAttendance \nMeg Nömgård, Naila Ceribasic, Dong Hwan Choi, Kaloyan Nikolov, Jorge Gustavo Caicedo \n\nAgenda Items \n \n\n1. Preparation for 14.COM \n\na- Financial Report of ICH NGO Forum Association bank account \n\nb- Official opening ceremony \n\nc- Digital booklet \n\nd- Steering Committee yearly report  \n\ne- Payment for Black Tower- Bogota  \n\n \n\n2. Meeting Minutes of Steering Committee  \n\nAction Items  \n1. Preparation for 14.COM: \n\na. Dong Hwan Choi will prepare the financial report to be presented at NGO Forum general \n\nmeeting at 14.COM. Meg Nömgård will provide available bank statements and \n\nsupporting documentation obtained from the bank and through previous SC member \n\nDiego Gradis. \n\n\n\n \n \n\nMeeting Minutes Template © 2014 Vertex42 LLC https://www.vertex42.com/WordTemplates/meeting-minutes.html \n\nb. UNESCO Secretariat will hold the official opening ceremony on the first day of 14.COM, \n\nMonday 9th December, instead of the usual day prior, Sunday 8th December. This \n\nrequires a change in the agenda activities of the ICH NGO Forum to avoid a clash of \n\ntimetables. Kalayon Nikolov shall contact the ICH NG Forum Electoral Board to discuss \n\nthe rescheduling of the SC elections to Sunday 8th December, previously scheduled for \n\nthe evening of Monday 9th December- keeping in mind that NGO attendees, including \n\nnominated candidates as well as the wider Forum need to ensure their attendance on \n\nthe 8th. \n\nc.  Naila Ceribasic and Kaloyan Nikolav to prepare a digital booklet containing the agenda, \n\ntimetables and reports of the ICH NGO Forum and its SC for 14.COM to be made \n\navailable online for NGOs and visitors. \n\nd.  Steering Committee yearly report to be prepared by Jorge Gustavo Caicedo. \n\ne. Meg Nömgård and Jorge Gustavo Caicedo to organise the payment to be made to the \n\nestablishment hosting the ICH NGO Forum lunch on Saturday 7th December. SC \n\ncolleagues will also attend to other practical issues required for Bogota. \n\n2a.      The minutes of the SC’s monthly online meetings have not been uploaded to the \n\nForum’s website. Meg Nömgård shall coordinate with Naila Ceribasic and Reme Sakr to attend \n\nto the preparation and uploading of the meeting minutes.  \n\nNext meeting  \nMonday 2nd December- 3pm (GMT +1) \n\n\n\n"
  },
  {
    "date": "2019-12-13",
    "title" : "Minutes-of-ICH-NGO-Forum-SC-meeting_13-dec-2019",
    "text" : "SC 1st meet minutes final\n\n\n\t\n  \n\n\t\n   - 1 - \n\nMINUTES of the 1st meeting of the ICH NGO Forum Steering Committee \n \nBogota, 13 December 2019, 10:15–11:15 \n \nPresent: Jorge Gustavo Caicedo, Naila Ceribašić, Dong Hwan Choi, Butholezwe \nKgosi Nyathi, Kaloyan Nikolov, Meg Nömgård, Reme Sakr \n \n\nAgenda: \n1. Selection of officers of the newly elected Steering Committee \n\n2. Division of labour among members of the SC in reference to adopted framework \nplan of the ICH NGO Forum for 2020 \n\n3. ICH NGO Forum Intervention at 14.COM 15 \n4. Other business \n\n \n1. Selection of officers of the newly elected Steering Committee \nThe Steering Committee agreed that the following members will servse as the officers \nuntil the next General Assembly of the ICH NGO Forum (as stipulated in art. 27 of \nthe Bylaws): Meg Nömgård – Chair, Jorge Gustavo Caicedo – Vice-Chair, Naila \nCeribašić – Secretary, Dong Hwan Choi – Treasurer. Their responsibilities are \nexplained in art. 27 of the Bylaws. \n \n\n2. Division of labour among members of the SC in reference to adopted \nframework plan of the ICH NGO Forum for 2020 \nThe following members of the Steering Committee took responsiblity in coordinating \nthe following aspects of the work of the Committee that deserve greater attention, as \nidentified at the General Meeting of ICH NGO Forum on 12 December 2019:  \n(i) more intensive work to enhance regional network – members of the Committee \nfrom under-represented regions II (Kaloyan Nikolov), III (Jorge Gustavo Caicedo), \nV.a (Butholezwe Kgosi Nyathi) and V.b (Reme Sakr); coordination of the overall \nwork: Reme Sakr; \n(ii) improvement of contact with the Secretariat of the Convention – Meg Nömgård, \nassisted by Naila Ceribašić;  \n(iii) improvement of contact with the chairs of the Working Groups – Kaloyan \nNikolov;  \n(iv) improvement of contact with Category 2 centres – Dong Hwan Choi;  \n\n(v) availability of all official texts in both English and French, and general \ncommunications preferably in both languages  – Naila Ceribašić for English versions \nof the texts and communications, and Dong Hwan Choi for their translation into \nFrench; \n\n\n\n\t\n  \n\n\t\n   - 2 - \n\n(vi) updating and adequacy of information available on ICH NGO Forum website and \nsocial media platforms – Butholezwe Kgosi Nyathi (for the website and social media) \nand Kaloyan Nikolov (for social media and the Forum’s chanell on YouTube), both in \ncollaboration with Gabriele Desiderio; \n\n(vii) adequate solution for the Forum’s bank account – Dong Hwan Choi. \nAs for the main projects of the ICH NGO Forum, endorsed by the framework plan at \nthe General Meeting of ICH NGO Forum on 12 December 2019, the members of the \nCommittee responsible for coordinating the development of these projects are the \nfollowing: \n\n(i) ICH NGO Forum Capacity-building and Symposium on Saturday and Sunday \nprior to 15.COM – Jorge Gustavo Caicedo for overall organization; Meg Nömgård for \noverall fundraising;  Naila Ceribašić for the capacity-building on Saturday; Reme \nSakr in collaboration with programme coordinator Albert van den Zeijden for the \nsymposium on Sunday; \n\n(ii) ICH NGO Forum Report on the state of safeguarding ICH in Latin America and \nthe Carribean, and the role of ICH NGOs in safeguarding processes – Jorge Gustavo \nCaicedo; \n\n(iii) Programme attached to the General Assembly of States Parties to the Convention \nin June 2020 in Paris – Butholezwe Kgosi Nyathi, assisted by Meg Nömgård and \nNaila Ceribašić; \n(iv) Participation in the mapping of ICH NGOs – to be decided at the next meeting of \nthe Committee. (Note: The Forum is not specifically mentioned in decision 14.COM \n15 that was adopted on 14 December, but the Committee decided to include NGO \nreport as a separate agenda item of 15.COM. The preparation of this report will surely \nbe one of the Forum’s major projects in 2020). \n \n3. ICH NGO Forum Intervention at 14.COM 15 \nThe members of the Committee discussed the draft prepared by Naila Ceribašić, and \nhelped with amendments and improvements of formulations. \n\n \n4. Other business \nNo other business was raised. \n \n\nMinutes drafted by Naila Ceribašić on 6 January 2020; approved by the Steering \nCommittee on 22 January 2020, followed by their publication on the ICH NGO \nForum website. \n\n\n\n"
  }

]